This lecture is completely optional.
If you didn't have any issues with DNS
then you can skip this lecture
or you can come back to it later on
if you realize that at some point your cluster doesn't work
because you have an issue with DNS.
In this demo, I will show you a little bit
about DNS troubleshooting.
CROPS need to have DNS working properly
otherwise you cannot start your cluster
or you can sometimes start a cluster
but not connect to it.
So here in this lecture,
I will talk a little bit about DNS troubleshooting.
On your machine that you are using CROPS Linux machine,
you can't use the program host.
You first need to make sure that Horse is installed
so we can use pseudo app installed by Nine Host.
In my case it's already installed.
So now we can use the executable host.
To make sure that the name servers are properly set,
you can do host minus t NS.
NS stands for name server.
Of, in my case that is newtech academy .
You can see that the name service of this name,
kubernetes newtech academy, points to the route 53 zone.
If this doesn't return the Amazon name service
of your route 53
then something is not working.
In route 53, you also need to make sure
that the reply
of the name servers also matches exactly this.
So these are specific name service for this zone.
You cannot use my name service
because yours will be different.
The reason why this resolving works, the host minus DNS,
it's because I put these records in place
in the DNS control panel of namecheap.
Let's say that you don't use namecheap
and that you only use aws route 53.
Well, then you need to create a host of its own.
For example, our great hosts its own for newtech academy.
And I'll click Create.
And this newtech academy has different name servers.
And still if I go back to my terminal
even though I created this public host name
if I do host t NS of newtech academy.
newtech academy.
It will still point to register servers.com
which is namecheap
because namecheap
is still responsible for the name servers.
So if I do whois,
which is not a tool of this domain name,
I can see that the name service are set on this register.
So if you want to host your full domain name on Amazon,
which is not necessary, but if you want,
then you need to change the name servers in namecheap,
not in the DNS management's
but there's also an option name servers
and every domain provider has that option
where you can choose name servers.
And then you has to point the name servers
to these name servers.
Then, your domain name points to this host zone
but that doesn't mean that this host zone
will work automatically.
Then you have to still create name server records
that point from your main domain name,
newtech academy to kubernetes newtech academy.
So then,
you can copy those.
Go to newtech academy
and then create a record sets
and then this is going to be kubernetes newtech academy
and the value will be these name servers.
And these are going to be an NS records.
And then you gonna have kubernetes newtech academy
is going to point to your order route 53 zone.
So this is only necessary
if you want to host your main domain as well on Amazon
because then you need to make sure that
you register your domain register
uses these records because these are from your main domain
that you add also here, just like I did
in the previous lecture records
and as records to point to kubernetes newtech academy.
The third option is
that you don't use kubernetes newtech academy,
you don't use a sub domain,
but you just pass this main domain name
as a cluster name and as a DNS name.
And then you will have
and then you don't have kubernetes newtech academy
so we can remove these records,
then you only need this and you use your main domain name
as a cluster name and as a DNS name.
And then you will have API.newtech academy
instead of API.kubernetes newtech academy.
So that's the third option that you can use.
The best option is to use
like I explained in the previous lecture,
you often have DNS management at your domain register
and then you can just add these NS record.
If that's not possible,
you can create a second host zone for your main domain name
and then you can also add an extra host
to kubernetes newtech academy.
So that all works.
So then at the end, when you do all this configuration
then you need to check whether
host NS newtech academy resolves to the correct one
and kubernetes newtech academy results
to the correct route 53 zone.
But in my case, the first goes to my register.
At my register I have a DNS record set
that points to my host zone, my route 53 host zone.
So I hope this makes it a little bit more clear.
DNS is not a easy topic.
You might have to spend some time to set this up.
Also when you set this up,
it might take another 30 minutes one hour
before those changes are propagated.
So these records might be cached sometimes
so sometimes you just have to wait half an hour one hour
before you get the correct results.